=head1 NAME

CHANGES Changelog for the Ngram Statistics Package (Text-NSP)

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Revision history for Perl module Text::NSP

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=item 1.09

Released March 26, 2008 all changes by TDP

=over

=item 

Spell checked the modules

=item 

Relaxed test caes 27, 29 for ll, 20 for x2, and 13 for phi, due to 
arithemetic differences on 64 bit architectures

=item

Modified Makefile.PL to go back to more standard methods of testing and 
installation. 

=item

Modified structure of /t directory for 'make test'. It appears that the 
use of subdirectories in /t with test cases might have been causing 
problems for Windows testing, so we have moved all test files to the top 
level of /t, and also removed the TEST program so that things are called 
in a more standard or generic fashion.

=back

=item 1.07

Released March 24, 2008 all changes by TDP

=over

=item

Updated Makefile.PL to no longer require 5.8.5 - have dropped back to 5.6

=item

Updated FAQ with some explanation of ALL-TESTS.sh

=item

Renamed /docs as /doc to be consistent with other packages

=item

Added descriptive labels in POD in NAME field of .pl programs to provide 
that info on CPAN display

=item 

Fixed duplicate Copyright message bug in documentation of Measures.pm

=item

Removed "help" messages from Makefile.PL execution so as to (hopefully) 
avoid problems with installations on Windows.

=item

Corrected error in INSTALL instructions - csh ./ALL-TESTS.sh must be 
performed after 'make install'

=back

=item 1.05 

Released March 20, 2008 all changes by TDP

=over

=item

Fixed problem with file Testing/statistic/t2 would appear 
(mysteriously) but not be in the MANIFEST. This file was left behind 
during /Testing/statistic/normal-op.sh and is now being removed.


=item

Fixed problem in /Testing where .sh files are sometimes not executable. 
Those files are now invoked via 'csh test.sh' rather than './test.sh', 
meaning that they no longer need to be executable.

=item

Fixed ticket number 24061 from rt.cpan.org regarding incorrection 
version information coming from Measures.pm

=item 

Archived all old ChangeLogs to doc/ChangeLogs directory. Began to use 
pod in CHANGES directory instead

=item 

Added doc/update-pod.sh to automatically refresh top level read only 
documentation including README, CHANGES, TODO and INSTALL

=item 

Fixed Makefile.PL to avoid problems during Windows install. This 
problem and fix was reported by Richard Churchill to the ngram mailing 
list. This may also address ticket #20371 from rt.cpan.org. 

=item 

Modified Makefile.PL to allow for use of 'make dist' and also creation 
of META.yml

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

 Ted Pedersen, University of Minnesota, Duluth
 tpederse at d.umn.edu

This document last modified by :
$Id: CHANGES.pod,v 1.6 2008/03/26 17:56:11 tpederse Exp $

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<http://ngram.sourceforge.net>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2004-2008 Ted Pedersen

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover
Texts.

Note: a copy of the GNU Free Documentation License is available on
the web at L<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html> and is included in
this distribution as FDL.txt.

=cut

